wow
oh my goodness it's a mountain oh the
sauce is just getting mixed in perfectly
and there it comes out guys look at this
it almost looks like ice cream
oh look at that oh it's jiggly it's like
a jiggly
fish cake all right check it out guys
it's trevor james
we have made it to the east coast of
malaysia and just look at this
incredible beauty we're in taranganu and
i'm so excited because today
we're bringing you for a full on street
food tour of this city
endless seafood so much beauty and it's
gonna be a lot of fun
let's go check it out guys
this is it part five of seven of our
ultimate
east coast road trip and today we're
bringing you in for the pinnacle of our
journey
taranganu for a full on huge street food
tour
so let's get to it first out of seven
street foods
let's eat and take a look at this guys
we are in
terengganu we came specifically to eat
this dish right up here and look at this
line we're gonna have a famous
fish curry tuna curry and rice dish
right up here we're going to line up
we're having nasi dagang
let's try it out guys and kakju is just
taking us to sea
the nasi dagang oh
this is classic traders rice and it's
infused with
fenugreek seeds and it's served with a
piece of ikan tonko which is tuna
curry and then you can get it with tons
of this
spicy tuna curry to go with it oh and
look at that they're adding chilies in
oh that's going to be spicy badass
badass oh and look at this they're
searching for fish
ikentonko look at that sanget bazaar
wow and we're going to get back in the
lineup looks like an hour-long lineup
and we're going to feast
but there is also look at this there's
also the specialty tariq
hi boss oh and that's the specialty
tariq look at that
this is the most foamy tea tarik from
terengganu
and you can get it with ice or hot and i
think we're gonna get ice because it is
definitely warm here in terengganu look
at that so much foam
there it is look at how jiggly the foam
is there perfect jiggly
peter rick ice wow nun puck sit up
looks good and i'm packed it up
now we are in the eating line which
is almost the best part eating
hello
uh
normal okay jeremy
this is gonna be good guys this is what
we drove
the taranganupar oh wow
and that's gonna be our curry here look
at that ultimate gulai
technically not a curry it is full of
coconut milk
and malaysian spices taramakasi
and there it is look at that none packs
it up yes
really release it up yes oh okay
thermic i see let's go try it out guys
there it is guys
we got tons of nasi dagang today for
myself
and our friends and you can see they
loaded up with this ikan tonku
the skipjack tuna and you can see this
is the ayam goreng barampa
as well and this dish right here the
soul of terengganu
the gulai ikantonko it's a coconut
milk infused spicy
fish gravy loaded with fresh green and
red chilies
and it's also got lots of other classic
malaysian spices as well fenugreek
galangal coconut milk it's going to be
really delicious and i think you can
just sort of dump it on let's get let's
make sure oh
wow look at all the green chilies in
there let's make sure it's just
saturated with that fish goulai let's
try it out
oh
that rice is so aromatic with coconut
milk
this is actually sweet it's not so spicy
let's take it with a green chili there
and see if that's any better any spicier
let's try it off
oh wow bessar terry mackenzie look at
that
you could probably float a boat on top
of that look at that this is a classic
malaysian
tita rick but here with ice and mandu
with honey and that's going to go
perfect
with nasi dagang
wow that is so perfectly smooth
like caramel honey tea
and you can just eat these chilies pure
mmm oh yeah oh
oh that's spicy mmm
[Music]
cassie sang it set up okay
thank you very much thank you
thank you thank you see you next time
wow that was
next level and we're gonna keep going
and next up
for our second of seven street foods in
terengganu
we're bringing you in for another huge
breakfast
and super unique style roti
pancake you need to see this
awesome guys and what a beautiful city
this is just look at this
awesome greenery and we are making our
way right now
to another local famous breakfast
we're going to get a taranganu laksa and
a super special roti
let's go check it out oh it's busy look
at this
super busy in the morning and this is it
guys let's try it out let's have a nice
full on breakfast wow let's take a look
sell them at peggy oh wow
okay here it goes there it is guys
that's the roti jala oh my goodness and
it's like a spider web that's what it's
literally called the spider web roti
oh and it's going to be folded up and
then served i think with a chicken curry
and you can also get the tiranganu laksa
and we just got invited in guys to see
the terengganu laksam
the terengganu special laksa hello
salamat peggy oh my goodness
and look at this guys they also have a
nasi minyak
you can see they've loaded it with local
spices there's cinnamon and star anise
and ginger
and this is the gulai ayam so that's
coconut milk chicken curry and here we
go this is the laksam
look at this so it's a classic almost
like a rice noodle roll
and here we go this is what you come to
tiranganu for
look at that just pouring it right on
that's the sardine
broth and it should be a little peppery
maybe slightly spicy but
it's going to be more full of that
anchovy flavor
and then she's just topping it i think
that's a ulam
local ulam i think it's cucumber and
green chili
and then here's a little chili
shrimp paste there and there we go tara
mckessie
let's go try it out and here we are guys
look at this we just got the full on
terengganu breakfast look at this so
we've got the rotijala spiderweb roti
with a classic regular chicken curry
this is their goulai
sweet sauce actually i've never tasted
that before they said it's made with
gula melaka palm sugar
and then we've got their classic wow
that's a chicken goulai
and then look at this this is the laksam
we've got these rice noodle rolls
white laksa sardine broth
paste it just smells fantastic let's
just take a rice noodle roll
some of that broth cucumber and chili
and then take it down
it's such an elegant sardine broth so
light it's actually not strong at all
it's just smooth
a little bit spicy but not too spicy i'd
say it's just a generally smooth
laksa and next up let's go in for this
look at this guys this is the roti chala
the spiderweb roti
and there it is look at that that's a
regular chicken curry without the goulai
without the coconut milk
santan
oh my that chicken curry actually tastes
like a little bit of cinnamon in there
amazing it's like a rich cinnamon
chicken curry
let's go in for this goulai here
oh you can definitely taste there's some
coconut in there
and the palm sugar gives it that palm
sugar aroma wow and next up guys look at
this this is the gulai chicken curry
let's just put it on our roti wow
oh what a beautiful meal absolutely
delicious chicken curries amazing
taranganu laksa
and then you've got this homemade
spiderweb roti
you can see it's super busy and it's
just right on the side of the street
tara mckessie and next up
for number three of seven street foods
and before bringing you for exclusive
access to a famous warang roadside
restaurant in terengganu for east coast
delicacies
we're bringing you for one of the most
try street snacks of terengganu
but here on a factory scale
awesome guys and next up we're just
driving through terengganu
exploring even more and we're making our
way to the source of one of the most
famous
street foods in this entire region the
keropok
liqueur okay and here it is guys
we made our way to try the carrot park
liqueur
at the source this is where it's from
and here we are guys we made it to the
cairo
factory hi boss
hi boss wow and look at this guys
firewood wow sangeet panas yeah that's
hot
oh my it's all wood fire and let's go
into the factory
and see how they're made hi susie
banyak and this is where it all starts
guys these frozen
ikon celayan blocks they just come right
out
and then they get pressed into this
machine and they come out right here
this is the second step frozen and
they're gonna mix it with a little
flower
and we're gonna see what happens next
wow
that is beautiful it's just mixing
together so nicely look at that
wow take a look at this we've got this
ground up fish paste wow boss
it up and there it comes out guys look
at this
it almost looks like ice cream it's a
frozen
ikan selayong fish paste
oh yeah and they use ice as well to keep
it frozen
boom and here we go let's see what
happens next i think they're going to
mix it even more guys
oh look at that oh it's jiggly
it's like a jiggly fish cake and we're
so lucky they let us
in to see this wow there's a full hand
shovel of fish paste and then they're
gonna weigh it
that's 28 kg and then this here is the
final
step so they scoop it they weigh it
and then they put it in this press look
at that and then they just come out
perfect right here
one by one and they go right in one
after another
and those are finished yup dude yep wow
and you can see there's four pots here
five pots and they're all
boiling away oh and he's letting me hold
it
tiara masala look at that guys they're
so
jiggly looking jiggly sausage
that's nice caramel oh bully
okay amazing such a cool process
so much heat and we're gonna go try the
real thing now guys
[Music]
okay let's try it out tara mckessie okay
and here we go guys
they're frying them up for us that's the
goreng version
so i think there's a few different
versions here one is boiled one is fried
and one is boiled first and then fried
and there they are look at that and they
get sold
right away to the customers they're my
cassie there it is guys
they're almost like uh sushi boats of
carob pog let's go try it out
and here we are guys this is what we
drove out here for
the carol polk liquor we got the boiled
we got the fried
and then we got the boiled and then
fried and i think
let's just go with the boiled first look
at that and let's just dip it in
oh wow such a cool factory let's try it
whoa wow it's so simple yeah it's so
satisfying at the same time
it's a fish sausage that's sweet and
spicy with that sauce
jeremy cassie jeremy kessie
see you that was delicious bye-bye
thank you bye-bye wow that was awesome
guys
and now we're going full on getting
deeper and deeper
because next up we're bringing you in
for exclusive access to some insanely
delicious
waarong food aka roadside
restaurant delicacies and here we are
guys look at this
beautiful greenery here and we're here
bright and early
to see how they make a couple special
dishes one of them the
stuffed squid oh salamata
oh and here's the tempo yak oh my
goodness
it's a pot full of catfish heads
okay and there we go
tempo yak and here's more catfish
oh unbelievable you can see those are
the tails and the body pieces and i
think on this one over here
it's just the head pieces oh
yes the fish eggs satya hari
uh masak tika tika
lima five pots of this every day
oh and look at this oh it's more
tempoyak
tilapia oh and look at this
so she's taking the squid the sotong
with the
pulut sticky rice soaked in santan
and then taking the head and then
stuffing it in as well that is unique
and they just put a little salt and i
think ginger and onion in there as well
so that's how it's done guys they're
gonna use
this santan and boil it
and ginger ginger and onion and they've
just invited us into the kitchen to see
the final step of the squid
process hello oh iniappa
oh that's a duck curry just look at this
giant pot guys
this is the ayam kampong add a
okay and then what we came here for this
is the ketupat
sotong right here they've just put it in
the back kitchen it's boiling that's
full of the coconut milk
and the sticky rice the stuffed squid
wow and there's so much here iniappa
oh wow and look at this this is the
masak balada
it's like a black chili sauce wow so
it's got tamarind chili palm sugar
and some ketchup manis some sweets dark
soy sauce in there
and look at all these dishes here guys
this is the village
kampung goreng that's the fried village
chicken and india
and you're going to throw the sotong and
udong
into this sambal wow
so you can actually use this sambal a
few different ways you can use it for
the chicken
and also for the sotong and the udang
the squid and the prawn
and there's just so many dishes here
guys it's an absolutely breathtaking
kitchen there's that village chicken
there's this dark red sambal that
they're cooking the squid
and the prawns in and there's an
incredible vegetable soup with mushrooms
and spices and fish
looks so unique and then there's the
kampong chicken it's just
full on here and i'm getting really
hungry seeing all of this
it's just breathtaking and there it
comes let's go eat
and there must be 50 dishes here today
guys take a look at this
we've got some masak lamak snail with
coconut milk
and turmeric and we're just going to
take a beautiful look at that that's a
kampong chicken saya nakmakan
okay let's get a let's get one of these
guys we've watched this this is the dak
curry
saya suka taramakasi
look at that guys look at that
presentation oh and this is the special
that we came for
the ketupat sotong boss
satu kapala that is what we came
on this road trip for guys special oh
it's the kapala it's the head
thermakasi boss thank you take a look at
this guys this is another
ultra special part of food here on the
east coast the ulam
these are all local herbs local salads
but the real specialty here
is this so this is voodoo
so she's putting fresh chili and then
this is
the voodoo sauce here that's fermented
anchovy voodoo
oh a little sambal in there and temple
yak yeah
tara mccassia and then you can take your
herbs
so let's get some winged beans there i
think these are the
cashew leaves and let's get some ulam
raja the king's
herb and here we go guys this is what we
came on the road trip for to bring you
for food like this look at this we've
got the tempo yak this is with
the baong river fish local catfish and
we got the head
and then this is the dish we came to
this restaurant for the katu fat sotong
and then that's the duck curry and
that's made with a chili garing
a mixed chili spice mix and we've got
the kampong chicken
curry fully rich it smells peppery it
smells
full on and then look at this this is
the voodoo we've got fresh
red chilies in there we've got this
temple yak and we've got a
chili sauce almost like a sambal in
there and a lime and we're just gonna
mix it up
let's start this meal off strong let's
take a winged bean and just dip it in
that
fermented anchovy sauce
let's try it out
that is strong citrusy potent sour it's
got that durian flavor and it's spicy
and
very salty and fermented and next up
let's go for this ketupat sotong look at
that the
santan coconut milk has turned purple
from the sotong and it's stuffed with
its own head
and that sticky rice let's try it off
oh my goodness that is delicious it's
all about the coconut milk sticky rice
combo
so naturally sweet and let's go in for
this kampung chicken
curry they put a room pie in there a
local spice mix this is going to be good
let's just pour a little curry on that
rice
or all of it let's just pour it on
oh there it is guys let's try it out
wow that is so potent and a little
peppery
i think i taste a little cumin in there
or something it's like a peppery
incredibly rich
curry and you can just soak it on your
rice that is the reason you come
to these warong kampung places because
the food is elevated
to another level oh that's the ikanbang
the local
river catfish let's take that down
oh look at that not a single bone in
that cheek so juicy
and that tempo yeah it's so naturally
aromatic with durian almost a little
caramel flavor in there
mmm let's just taste a little bit of
that duck curry
this is enough to move here i think i
could move to terengganu because of
these curries let's try the duck
oh
wow that curry guys actually that is a
i've never tasted a curry like that in
my whole life it's like peppery almost
cinnamony
oh and what's this iniapa tapai
like oh and they've just brought us a
special dessert let's just take it down
oh my goodness wow that is a unique
flavor it's like an alcoholic
fermented sticky rice you can definitely
taste
the fermented sour sweetness to it
wow thank you thank you so much cheers
okay wait come back let's unlucky okay
thank you
see you wow so delicious
and we're gonna keep going guys let's go
and next up before finding a night
market with the ultimate malaysian
street style fried noodles made on a
massive scale
we're stopping on the side of the road
and bringing you for some incredible
malaysian desserts
okay guys and we're just cruising down
the street here and there's a bunch of
stalls
and let's just stop at one oh
what do we have here a little coconut
snack station
okay guys and look at this we just
pulled over next up on the side of the
street
and there is a total coconut mountain
endless coconuts here oh and here they
come
look at this oh fresh coconut
that's the fresh oh explosion
wow and you can just get it with ice too
wow
therma cassie so we got our coconut ice
in our own cup here
but this is the real specialty guys in
terengganu i've heard so much about
the frying skills they've fried up the
carol park liquor here the fish sausages
the fried bananas and it's all about the
fried batter it's crispy
and then here is a fried sweet potato
and i think this is like a fried maybe
that's a radish ball with carrots
not box it up oh and here we go
the pisang malaysia pisang and these are
local bananas here guys the
jackfruit bananas that's what they're
called and you can see they're still
green
and then they're gonna get cut up and
put into a batter
oh and then here it goes that is the
flower
the batter and that's the secret
terengganu style batter
wow right in the oil
look at that it looks fantastic they are
the masters of frying here
in terengganu and that's it there guys
the pisang goreng
beautiful so crispy and we're gonna get
a bunch of those
and there they come the pisang goreng
wow it's beautiful so fresh and hot
right out of the oil
oh and there we go tara mccassi
oh it looks great thank you very much
thank you
and there we are guys we got the fried
banana pisang goreng
and 100 natural coconut water
you can actually see tons of those
crispy batter bits on the outside
and that should be delicious
let's try it out
oh hot wow that is what it's all about
those are almost creamy
and crispy and they've got that fried
aroma that gouren
flavor that you can only get here in
terengganu and you can see the
customers just line up you get your
coconut water you get your coconut shake
or you get your tamarind water we're
going to finish this and keep going guys
sit up piss on wow
that was amazing thank you very much and
we're going to keep going guys
thermakessie we got our iced coconut
bye-bye and we are off let's go
and last up to finish up the night we
were driving through terengganu and
found a massive
night market full of delicacies and
found one of the most incredible
fried noodle stations you need to see
this
okay guys and next up finish up the
night look at this we're just driving
around terengganu and there is a massive
open night market here wow and we're
gonna pull in
let's go try some stuff and here we are
guys we just found a night market
exploring the streets of terengganu
let's see if we can get some dinner
okay guys and we just stepped into this
amazing night market there was a lot
here
but one of the most iconic dishes that
we found
just walking through here inhabiting
mi goreng so she's put in some garlic
and chili
and you can see she's just going to add
in a little water with that garlic and
chili
and she's just added in a bit of cockles
and some greens oh
and a little bit of hicha key chat manis
that's the sweet dark soy sauce
and then here comes the tallur the eggs
watch this
oh yeah just pour them right in
very nice oh and here comes the me
the malaysian yellow noodle that's pure
malaysian me
oh and bean sprout wow that looks
delicious
bean sprout and then yellow noodle soda
[Music]
okay let's try it out and she's gonna
put it on that plastic
oh yeah and look at that she's gonna put
the pickled chilies on
look at that and just wrap it up and
there it is
there mccassie okay and here we go
they're going to be making a
kuey teow goreng as well right so koitao
rice noodle goreng fried so fried rice
noodle
and he's just gonna be adding the eggs
right in boom
look at that oh and then here comes the
chili and garlic combo
and here comes the manis the ketchup
manis oh look at that dark soy
oh and cockles nice and this is just
incredible look at this guys we've got
the migoreng the koitao goreng the
rice noodle and then the maggi goring oh
and here comes the koitao
look at that that's the rice noodle oh
yeah and the fire's on
he's really frying that up that is
beautiful
and look at all the sauce mixing in so
it's the kitchen menis oh
and then some greens and bean sprouts
that's actually my favorite type
of fried noodle wow and you can see it's
just sizzling so nicely there look at
that
sayanak makan satu boleka
and let's get one of those look at this
he's just gonna portion it
and then put it on this to go here and
then it gets a little
oh chili sauce and then some
pickled chili caramel cassie let's try
it out
and there it is guys look at that that's
local night market street fried
koitao goreng and he actually loaded up
a sweet chili sauce on there
wow looks good
enjoy okay let's try it out
wow that is nice it's actually slightly
sweet from that key chopped menis
and slightly sour from the pickled
chilies and then the nuttiness from the
bean sprouts
this is the pure malaysian street
favorite
and you can see they're going to be
making a maggie noodle here as well
so she's frying some eggs in there and
let's see what she puts in
garlic chili similar to the other
noodles
oh but this is gonna be maggie noodle it
smells delicious
oh and then there's some chicken and
then greens
oh and then here's a package of sweet
pizza manis
oh my goodness oh and then she'd put
some cabbage and carrots in oh and then
here's the moment we've been waiting for
the maggie wow oh my goodness
it's a mountain oh the sauce is just
getting mixed in perfectly
and that's the beauty of malaysia all
different types of fried noodle
oh wow and she's just gonna plate it
here watch this she's gonna take it into
a portion
and add it on that to go there oh yeah
and she's added chicken in there oh and
there's a little sweet chili
and pickled chili thera mckessie
there it is guys oh satisfying street
noodle
and i just love how she's just stirring
it up so nicely there mixing it all
through
oh wow that is delicious
it's actually quite sweet from that
ketchup manis and just a little spicy
and there's chicken in there and goes
down really fast
so satisfying
awesome guys i hope you enjoyed that
video what a cool place here terengganu
lots of street food
we just got some delicious noodles
there's quite a few stalls around but
really full on noodles and now the
market is closing down because it's
raining so please leave us a comment
down below i would love to hear from you
and thanks so much for watching guys
awesome